<h>Dinosaurs and Disasters:<h>
<o>There was a moment in time, approximately 66 million years ago, where the earth was completely alien to how it is now. At that moment in time, a dark, quiet night turned into a sight of horror, as the night sky turned red with the heat and debris of the impact of an asteroid, at least 10km in radius and carrying the equivalent of a billion atomic bombs in Kinetic Energy. The impact caused such great fires that there was a giant spike in CO2 emissions, abruptly blocking sunlight from entering the earth, which caused a global winter, known appropriately as "Impact Winter". Fascinatingly, it wasn't the instant of an asteriod impact that ended the dinosaurs, but rather the unexpected surge in CO2, and toxic gases, the complete blockage of sunlight and sudden halt of global photosynthesis and the impact winter that followed suit. That awesome moment in time completely redefined nature and the system on earth, giving way for the small mammals to rule the lands, and those same fossils that saw through the end of the cretaceous, would fuel humanity in their rise to power... as well, as their descent into extinction. Truly tells the power of this magic molecule, doesn't it? Though the dinosaurs couldn't possibly have grasped the severity of their situation, we can. We have to, now more than ever.<o>

<h>Enter Humanity:<h>
<o>Skip forward millions of years. The Earth has split apart as Pangea breaks into many separate continents, all hosting a variety of fauna and flora, among them are the homo sapiens, which were destined to one day bend the Earth to their will. Skipping over millennia's of fascinating human history, we find ourselves in the 18th century, in the midst of the Industrial Revolution (The first one, most specifically). The folks of 18th century Britian started moving away from agriculture and into the exciting world of industries, and this caught on like a wildfire. We humans were so  amazed by our quick and hasty progress, that for centuries on end we neglected the consequences of such a shift in our new way of life. In the very late 19th century, was there any doubt on our impact on the Earth's climate, and it took centuries more for this doubt to become a legitimate worry. Even now, in the 21st century, despite undeniable proof of this very real, and impending crisis that humanity faces, it feels as if we are still blissfully ignorant of climate change. It looks as if, despite the mountain of evidence, we cannot value our planet and the needs of the next generation over our wants and our short-term gains, but that might not be how it ends, because we can fight this, and we can still make a difference, and I'll tell you how we did.<o>

<h>Where are we headed?<h>
<o>In 2019, global CO2 emissions reached 34.44 billion tonnes, according to the global carbon budget. 42% from energy production, 22% from industries, and the rest from transport. It seemed as if emmisions wouldn't stop climbing, and we were pushing ourselves deeper, and deeper into climate change, and nothing was stopping us. Hey, "nothing" is a pretty weird name for a global pandemic, don't you think? Because in the 2020, COVID went into full swing. The world was locked down, and global CO2 emissions slowed down. It was a very brief, almost unnoticable, but inspite of the tragedy of the pandemic, this showed the world that combatting CO2 was possible, and only possible if everyone chipped in, and only if everyone did everything they could in their power to save their home, and keep the world running for their children after them. Now, more than ever, is there a need for unity. CO2 emission are rebounding, and change must start. And it always starts with you! Thank you for reading, and doing best you can to keep the Earth safe!<o>

